Skaffold API docs (#3068)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/api_server/_index.md

---
title: "Skaffold API Server"
linkTitle: "Skaffold API Server"
weight: 40
---

This page discusses the Skaffold API Server.

> Skaffold exposes a API server over its lifetime. The API server is the primary way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `skaffold dev` or `skaffold debug`, Skaffold exposes a API server during the lifetime of the skaffold process. The API server is the primary way
```
